Added: alt attribute to few images (#19404)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/common_questions/upload_files_to_a_web_server/index.md

Open the FileZilla application; you should see something like this:

> ![Screenshot of the user interface of Filezilla application](filezilla-ui.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the user interface of Filezilla FTP application. Host input has focus.](filezilla-ui.png)
```

Your window should look something like this:

> ![Screenshot of a fictious website with url "http://demozilla.examplehostingprovider.net/" whose content is empty](site-manager.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of default landing page of a fictitious website when the file directory is empty](site-manager.png)
```

Once connected, your screen should look something like this (we've connected to an example of our own to give you an idea):

> ![Screenshot of the SFTP client displaying the website contents once it has been connected to the SFTP server provided by the corresponding website's hosting provider](connected.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![SFTP client displaying website contents once it has been connected to the SFTP server. Local files are on the left. Remote files are on the right.](connected.png)
```
